Additional information About This Loan

Loan Disclosures

Assumption

Escrow Account

If you sell or transfer this property to another person, your lender

For now, your loan

will allow, under certain conditions, this person to assume this
loan on the original terms.
M will not allow assumption of this loan on the original terms.

&] will have an escrow account (also called an "impound" or "trust"
account) to pay the property costs listed below. Without an escrow
account, you would pay them directly, possibly in one or two large

payments a year. Your lender may be liable for penalties and interest
for failing to make a payment.

Demand Feature

Your loan

]] has a demand feature, which permits your lender to require early
repayment of the loan, You should review your note for details.
does not have a demand feature.

Escrow

Table with the following rows:
Escrowed Property Costs over Year 1 = Non-Escrowed Property Costs Over Year 1, $2,473.56 = $1,800.00, Estimated total amount over year 1 for your escrowed property costs: Homeconner's Insurance Property Taxes = Estimated total amount over year 1 for your non-escrowed property costs: Homeowner's Association Dues You may have other property costs.
Escrowed Property Costs over Year 1 = Initial Escrow Payment Monthly Escrow Payment, $2,473.56 = $412.25 ยง206.13, Estimated total amount over year 1 for your escrowed property costs: Homeconner's Insurance Property Taxes = A cushion for the escrow account you pay at closing. See Section G on page 2. The amount induded in your total monthly payment.

Late Payment

If your payment is more than 15 days late, your fender will charge a
late fee of 5% of the monthly principal and interest payment.

Negative Amortization (increase in Loan Amount)

Under your loan terms, you

] are scheduled to make monthly payments that do not pay all of
the interest due that month. As a result, your loan amount will
increase (negatively amortize), and your loan amount will likely
become larger than your original loan amount. increases in your
loan amount lower the equity you have in this property.
D may have monthly payments that do not pay all of the interest
due that month. if you do, your loan amount will increase
(negatively amortize), and, as a result, your loan amount may
become larger than your orig nal loan amount. Increases in your
loan amount lower the equity you have in this property.
% do not have a negative amortization feature.

[] will not have an escrow account because Olyou declined it [ your
lender does not offer one. You must directly pay your property
costs, such as taxes and homeowner's insurance. Contact your
lender to ask if your loan can have an escrow account.

Partial Payments
Your lender

No E Escrow

Estimated
Property Costs
Over Year 1

Estimated total amount over year 1. You
must pay these costs directly, possibly
in one or two large payments a year.

may accept payments that are less than the full amount due
(partial payments) and d apply them to your loan.
may hold them in a separate account until you pay the rest of the
payment, and then apply the full payment to your loan.

Escrow Waiver Fee

does not accept any partial payments

In the future,

Your

property costs may change and, as a result your escrow pay-

If this loan is sold, your new lender may have a different policy.

ment may change. You may be able to cancel
but if you do, you must pay your property costs

your escrow account.

directly, if you fail

Security interest

to pay your property taxes, your state or local

government may (f)

You are granting a security interest in
456 Somewhere Ave., Anytown, ST 12345

impose fines and

penalties or (2)

place a tax lien on this property. If

you fail to pay any of your property costs, your lender may (1} add
the amounts to your foan balance, (2) add an escrow account to your

loan, or (3) require you to pay for property insurance that the lender
buys on your behalf, which likely would cost more and provide fewer
benefits than what you could buy on your own.

You may lose this property if you do not make your payments of
satisfy other obligations for this loan.

CLOSING DISCLOSURE

PAGE 4 OF 5 + LOAN ID # 123456789

