ee Loan Disclosures ‘Assumption you sell or transfer this property to another person, your lender Ci wil allow, under certain conditions, this person to assume this loan on the original terms, ‘ill not allow assumption of this loan on the original terms, Demand Faxture Your loan Late Payment Negative Amortization (increase in Loan Amount) Under your loan

terms, you Cy ae scheduled to make monthly payments that do not pay al of the interest due that month. AS a resi, your loan amount will increase (negatively amortize}, and your loan amount wl licaly become larger than your eriginal joan amount. Increases in your Joan amount lower the equity you havein this property. 1 may nave monthly payments that do not pay ai af te interest due that month. Ifyou do, your loan amount wll increase {negatively amortize), and, asa result your loan amount may become larger than your orginal loan amount. Increases in your foan amount iower the equity you have inthis property. ddo not have a negative amortization feature,

Your lender {i may accept payments that ae less than the full amount due {partial payments) and apply them to your fosn. C1 may hold them in a separate account until you pay the rest of the payment and then apply the full payment to your oan. 1 does not accept any partial payments. tfthis lam fs sold, your new lender may have a diferent policy. ‘Security Interest You are granting a security Interest in 456 Somewhere Ave, Anytown, ST 12245

Partial Payments

‘You may lose this property if you do not make your payments oF satisfy other obligations for thls ean,

i has a demand feature, which permits your lender to require early repayment of the loan, You shoud teview your note for details. does not have a demand feature,

lFyour payment is more than 15 days late, your fender will charge a late fee of 5% af the monthly principal and interest payment.

Additional Information About This Loan

Eserow Account For now, your loan ‘will have an escrow account (also called an“Impound’ or “trust” account) to pay the property costs listed befow. Without an escrow account, you would pay them directly, possibly in one or two large payments a year. Your lender may be lable for penalties and interest for failing to make payment.

In the future,

‘Your property costs may change and, a5. result, your escrow pay- ‘ment may change. You may be able to-cancel your escrow account, bbut youd, you must pay your property costs directly you fait to pay your property taxes, your state or local government may (3) impose fines and penalties or (2) place a tax lien on this property. If Yyoutailto pay any of your property costs, yourrlender may {7} ade ‘the amounts to your foan balance, (2) add to

impose fines and penalties or (2) place a tax lien on this property. If Yyoutailto pay any of your property costs, yourrlender may {7} ade ‘the amounts to your foan balance, (2) add an escrow account to your toan, of (31 require you to pay for property Insurance that the Jender ‘buys on your behall, which ikely would cost more and provide fewer ‘benefits than what you coufd buy on your own.

11 will noc have an escrow account because Clyou declined it Cl your fender does not offer one. You must directly pay your property ‘costs, such as taxes and homieawner’ insurance, Contact your lender ta askif your oan can have an escrow account. No escrow Estimated Estimated total amount over year 1.You. Property Costs ‘must pay these costs directly, possibly covervear | none or tivo large payments a year Escrow Waiver Fee

Esciow Escoowed $2473.56 | Estimated taal amount over year for Property Coste ‘your escrowed property costs: over Year? Homeowner’ insaronce Property Taxes Non-Escrowed 51,800.00 | Estimated tal amount over year for Property Costs yournom-escrqwed property costs: everYear 1 Homeowner’ Association Dues Youray have ather property costs, Initial Escrow '$41225 | A cushlon for the excraw account you Payment pay at closing. See Section Gon page 2. ‘Monthly Escrow $206.13 | The amount Induided in your tarot Paymeet monthly payment.

CLosinG oscLOSURE

PAGE A OF 5 + LOAN ID

# 123456789